fix: remove pg dependency (#175)
avo-hq/avodocs: docs/3.0/upgrade.md

# After
https://example.com/avo/resources/users?filters[first_name][contains][]=Jason&page=1&encoded_filters=eyJBdm86OkZpbHRlcnM6OklzQWRtaW4iOlsiYWRtaW5zIl19
```
:::

> :::option `active_record_extended` gem as manual dependency
> We use `active_record_extended` to extend some of our options on dynamic filters for arrays and tags.
> 
> This gem require postgres as DB and was breaking for those who uses any other DB like sqlite.
> 
> If you want to keep `Contained in` option on arrays and tags filters you should include the `active_record_extended` gem to your gemfile.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::option Add `active_record_extended` gem to your `Gemfile`
In order to extend Avo's filtering capabilities for arrays and tags fields, we use the [`active_record_extended`](https://github.com/GeorgeKaraszi/ActiveRecordExtended) gem.

This gem uses postgres and was breaking for those who use any other database like `sqlite`.

If you want to keep `Contained in` option on arrays and tags filters you should include the `active_record_extended` gem to your `Gemfile`.
:::
```
